Fill out portal-wide section (#416)
AlexsLemonade/scpca-docs: docs/download_files.md

Every download also includes a single `single_cell_metadata.tsv` file containing metadata for all libraries included in the merged object.
For a full description of this file's contents, refer to the [metadata section below](#metadata).

> Every download includes a summary report, `SCPCP000000_merged-summary-report.html`, which provides a brief summary of the samples and libraries included in the merged object.

Reviewer: oooof good catch!

> ## Portal-wide downloads

Reviewer: It looks like (based on [Figma](https://www.figma.com/board/RBhllWGPSTUFSYmMgomtuy/carty-b-design-discussions?node-id=221-6104&p=f&t=jcHm1Yx8MQeXQ9i9-0)) we're using cap D "Portal-wide Download" on the portal, so we should update that to match here.

```suggestion
## Portal-wide Downloads
```

Author: Hmm we are... but we also use sentence case for titles throughout the docs... I guess we can change it 😢

> The Portal-wide download page can be used to instantly download all [metadata](#metadata-only-downloads) or gene expression data for all samples on the Portal. 

Reviewer: I also changed instantly --> at once, since it will not be instant 😬 
```suggestion
The Portal-wide Download page can be used to download all [metadata](#metadata-only-downloads) or gene expression data for all samples on the Portal at once. 
```

All single-cell and single-nuclei gene expression data from the Portal can be downloaded as a single zip file containing data stored as either [`SingleCellExperiment` objects (`.rds` files)](#singlecellexperiment-portal-wide-download-structure) or [`AnnData` objects (`.h5ad` files)](#anndata-portal-wide-download-structure). 
All spatial data for any samples sequenced using [spatial transcriptomics](#spatial-transcriptomics-libraries) is available separately as a zip file. 

> When downloading any of the available Portal-wide data downloads all metadata and associated bulk RNA-seq data is also included. 

Reviewer: I'm not sure "associated" makes sense here, since it's everything? 
```suggestion
When downloading any of the available Portal-wide data downloads, all metadata and bulk RNA-seq data is also included. 
```

Author: I think I used "associated", since I think for the spatial data it's only bulk for samples with spatial data, but maybe you're right and it is everything. Either way, I think this edit cleans up the sentence and is probably less confusing.

<!--TODO: make sure data format naming for files is correctly formatted-->

> Each zip file will be named with the the chosen data format (either `SingleCellExperiment` or `AnnData`), and the date you accessed the data on the ScPCA Portal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each zip file will be named with the the chosen data format (either `SingleCellExperiment` or `AnnData`) and the date you accessed the data on the ScPCA Portal.
```

> Within each zip file will be a folder for each project that contains the gene expression data for all samples in that project as either individual objects or a single [merged object](#portal-wide-downloads-as-merged-objects). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each zip file will contain a folder for each project with gene expression data for all samples in that project as either individual objects or a single [merged object](#portal-wide-downloads-as-merged-objects), depending on your selection.
```

As with [individual project](#project-downloads) and [custom datasets](#custom-datasets), the quantified CITE-seq expression data will be included when downloading single-cell expression data.
For [`SingleCellExperiment (R)` downloads](#singlecellexperiment-portal-wide-download-structure), the quantified CITE-seq expression is included in the same file as the gene expression data. 
For [`AnnData (Python)` downloads](#anndata-portal-wide-download-structure), the quantified CITE-seq expression data is included as a separate file with the suffix `_adt.h5ad`.

<!--TODO: Update images-->
### `SingleCellExperiment` Portal-wide download structure
![portal wide download structure - `sce`](STUB-IMAGE){width="600"}

### `AnnData` Portal-wide download structure
![portal wide download structure - `anndata`](STUB-IMAGE){width="600"}

<!--TODO:
spatial section to be moved here
-->

> ### Portal wide downloads as merged objects

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Portal-wide downloads as merged objects
```

> You can choose to download data from all samples as [merged objects with data from all samples in a single project](#merged-object-downloads) by checking "Merge samples into one object per project". 

Reviewer: I'm suggesting splitting some of these details up, what do you think? Mostly I found the phrasing "all samples as merged objects with data from all samples" confusing, so if you don't like this change that's all good but I would want to see that phrasing updated.

Also, we should be clear this is is only single-cell (nuclei) data in the merged. 
```suggestion
You can choose to download single-cell Portal data as [merged objects for each project](#merged-object-downloads) by checking "Merge samples into one object per project". 
{ref}`Merged objects<merged_objects:Merged objects>` contain gene expression for all samples in a given project in a single file.
```

This download includes a folder for each project that contains a single merged object (`SCPCP000000_merged.rds` or `SCPCP000000_merged.h5ad`), a merged summary report (`SCPCP000000_merged-summary-report.html`), a single [metadata](#metadata) file (`single-cell_metadata.tsv`), and all individual [QC reports](#qc-report) and, if applicable, [cell type annotation reports](#cell-type-report) for each library included in the merged object for that project. 

Note that downloading all data using this option _will not_ download a merged object with all samples from all projects, but a single merged object for each project.

<!--TODO: Update images-->
#### Portal-wide download structure for merged `SingleCellExperiment` objects
![portal wide download structure - merged `sce`](STUB-IMAGE){width="600"}

#### Portal-wide download structure for merged `AnnData` objects
![portal wide download structure - merged `anndata`](STUB-IMAGE){width="600"}

### Metadata-only downloads

The Portal-wide metadata download is a single TSV file containing the metadata for all samples with associated single-cell RNA-seq, single-nuclei RNA-seq, or spatial transcriptomics data available on the Portal.

> A table describing all columns included in the file can be found in the [metadata section below](#metadata).

Reviewer: Do we want to _explicitly_ say bulk-only not included? I'm a bit torn tbh

Author: I don't think so because that saves us a doc update later when they are included and it's only 4 samples.
